c:\users\visual\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\bin\Debug\Interfaces.exe.config
c:\users\visual\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Themes\BureauBlack.baml
c:\users\visual\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Themes\BureauBlue.baml
c:\users\visual\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Themes\ExpressionDark.baml
c:\users\visual\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Themes\ExpressionLight.baml
c:\users\visual\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Themes\ShinyBlue.baml
c:\users\visual\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Themes\ShinyRed.baml
c:\users\visual\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Themes\WhistlerBlue.baml
c:\users\visual\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\visual\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Interfaces_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\visual\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Interfaces.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\visual\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Themes\BlackCrystal.baml
c:\users\visual\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\visual\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\visual\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Interfaces.g.resources
c:\users\visual\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Interfaces.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\visual\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Interfaces.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\visual\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\bin\Debug\Interfaces.exe
c:\users\visual\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\bin\Debug\Interfaces.pdb
c:\users\visual\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.dll
c:\users\visual\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.pdb
c:\users\visual\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.xml
c:\users\visual\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Interfaces.exe
c:\users\visual\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Interfaces.pdb
C:\Users\visual\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\view\ToolTip.baml
C:\Users\visual\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\view\ToolTip.g.cs
C:\Users\visual\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\visual\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Interfaces_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\visual\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\visual\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Interfaces\Interfaces\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\bin\Debug\Interfaces.exe.config
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Interfaces.exe
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Interfaces.pdb
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\bin\Debug\Interfaces.exe
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\bin\Debug\Interfaces.pdb
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.dll
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\bin\Debug\linq2db.dll
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\bin\Debug\Oracle.DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.pdb
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.xml
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Interfaces.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Themes\BlackCrystal.baml
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Themes\BureauBlack.baml
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Themes\BureauBlue.baml
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Themes\ExpressionDark.baml
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Themes\ExpressionLight.baml
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Themes\ShinyBlue.baml
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Themes\ShinyRed.baml
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Themes\WhistlerBlue.baml
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\view\ToolTip.baml
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\view\ToolTip.g.cs
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Interfaces_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Interfaces_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Interfaces.g.resources
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Interfaces.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\visual\Documents\GitHub\AnimeList\Interfaces\Interfaces\obj\Debug\Interfaces.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
